c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\iaproj.exe.config
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\iaproj.exe
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\iaproj.pdb
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.xml
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.xml
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\obj\Debug\iaproj.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\obj\Debug\iaproj.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\obj\Debug\iaproj.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\obj\Debug\iaproj.exe
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\obj\Debug\iaproj.pdb
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.DebuggerVisualizers.VS2010.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.GPU.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.OCR.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Stitching.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.GPU.xml
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.ML.xml
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.OCR.xml
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.Stitching.xml
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\opencv_calib3d240.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\opencv_contrib240.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\opencv_core240.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\opencv_features2d240.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\opencv_ffmpeg240.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\opencv_flann240.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\opencv_gpu240.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\opencv_highgui240.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\opencv_imgproc240.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\opencv_legacy240.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\opencv_ml240.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\opencv_nonfree240.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\opencv_objdetect240.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\opencv_photo240.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\opencv_stitching240.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\opencv_video240.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\opencv_videostab240.dll
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.bigrams
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.fold
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.lm
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.nn
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.params
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.size
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.cube.word-freq
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.tesseract_cube.nn
c:\users\lenvo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\bin\Debug\tessdata\eng.traineddata
C:\Users\Lenvo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\iaproj\iaproj\obj\Debug\iaproj.Form1.resources
